<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Jenkins : Governance Meeting 2019-02-13 Notes and Log</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/site.css" type="text/css" />
        <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    </head>

    <body class="theme-default aui-theme-default">
        <div id="page">
            <div id="main" class="aui-page-panel">
                <div id="main-header">
                    <div id="breadcrumb-section">
                        <ol id="breadcrumbs">
                            <li class="first">
                                <span><a href="index.html">Jenkins</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Home.html">Home</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Governance-Document.html">Governance Document</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                    <li>
                                <span><a href="Governance-Meeting-Agenda.html">Governance Meeting Agenda</a></span>
                            </li>
                                                </ol>
                    </div>
                    <h1 id="title-heading" class="pagetitle">
                                                <span id="title-text">
                            Jenkins : Governance Meeting 2019-02-13 Notes and Log
                        </span>
                    </h1>
                </div>

                <div id="content" class="view">
                    <div class="page-metadata">
                        
        
    
        
    
        
        
            Created by <span class='author'> Unknown User (danielbeck)</span> on Feb 13, 2019
                        </div>
                    <div id="main-content" class="wiki-content group">
                    <h1 id="GovernanceMeeting2019-02-13NotesandLog-Summary">Summary</h1><div class="preformatted panel" style="border-width: 1px;"><div class="preformattedContent panelContent">
<pre>[2019-02-13T19:00:39+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #startmeeting
[2019-02-13T19:03:26+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-Feb13

[2019-02-13T19:03:33+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic Recap last meeting actions
[2019-02-13T19:04:02+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-01-16-18.00.html

[2019-02-13T19:05:02+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic LTS status check and baseline selection
[2019-02-13T19:06:35+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #action kohsuke to release 2.150.3
[2019-02-13T19:07:29+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; #info https://jenkins.io/changelog/
[2019-02-13T19:21:38+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #agreed next LTS baseline with be 2.164
[2019-02-13T19:21:51+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #action ogondza to update calendar with 2.164 based releases

[2019-02-13T19:22:21+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic Java 11 Support Update &amp;&amp; GA support in the new LTS baseline
[2019-02-13T19:27:25+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; #info https://github.com/jenkinsci/acceptance-test-harness/pull/478

[2019-02-13T19:30:38+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic Outreachy update &amp; next application period
[2019-02-13T19:30:46+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/yaPrguId_sY/lSs7mHaxAAAJ
[2019-02-13T19:40:10+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; #info https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/2019/project-ideas/
[2019-02-13T19:45:40+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #action tracymiranda to ask outreachy about impact of move to CDF

[2019-02-13T19:49:11+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic GSoC update
[2019-02-13T19:53:38+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info https://plugins.jenkins.io/role-strategy#RoleStrategyPlugin-Version2.10(Feb11,2019)

[2019-02-13T19:54:50+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic next meeting
[2019-02-13T19:55:25+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #endmeeting</pre>
</div></div><p><br/></p><h1 id="GovernanceMeeting2019-02-13NotesandLog-CompleteLog">Complete Log</h1><div class="preformatted panel" style="border-width: 1px;"><div class="preformattedContent panelContent">
<pre>[2019-02-13T19:00:39+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #startmeeting
[2019-02-13T19:00:47+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; huh
[2019-02-13T19:00:50+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; where&#39;s the bot?
[2019-02-13T19:01:11+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; anyone else here?
[2019-02-13T19:01:23+0100] &lt;antoinne&gt; I&#39;m here
[2019-02-13T19:01:35+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; bot on a vacation, it seems
[2019-02-13T19:01:47+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; rtyler any idea where the meeting bot is running?
[2019-02-13T19:02:00+0100] &lt;batmat&gt; o/
[2019-02-13T19:02:02+0100] • tracymiranda: didn&#39;t know bots got to take vacations
[2019-02-13T19:02:25+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; it&#39;s the new trend, so we survive the machine uprising
[2019-02-13T19:02:26+0100] • batmat: you tyrant
[2019-02-13T19:03:01+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; I guess no rtyler around either, so I guess we&#39;ll need to do this manually today.
[2019-02-13T19:03:09+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; o/
[2019-02-13T19:03:26+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-Feb13
[2019-02-13T19:03:33+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic Recap last meeting actions
[2019-02-13T19:03:52+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; well, no meeting on the 30th of Jan it seems
[2019-02-13T19:04:02+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-01-16-18.00.html
[2019-02-13T19:04:13+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; kohsuke around? Did you write to Rick?
[2019-02-13T19:04:56+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; doesn&#39;t look like it, so let&#39;s move on
[2019-02-13T19:05:02+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic LTS status check and baseline selection
[2019-02-13T19:05:10+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; ogondza please tell me you&#39;re around
[2019-02-13T19:05:18+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; There was a meeting on Jan 30 IIRC
[2019-02-13T19:05:19+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; yep
[2019-02-13T19:05:38+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; There was noone around two weeks back
[2019-02-13T19:05:55+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; I know we don&#39;t have a bot around, but could we try to keep to the topics? :)
[2019-02-13T19:06:10+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; re LTS, the thing was tested and we are ready for .3
[2019-02-13T19:06:15+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; \o/
[2019-02-13T19:06:35+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #action kohsuke to release 2.150.3
[2019-02-13T19:06:44+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; (I will ping him after this)
[2019-02-13T19:07:15+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; This means we now need to select the new LTS baseline per https://jenkins.io/download/lts/#model
[2019-02-13T19:07:23+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; any suggestions?
[2019-02-13T19:07:29+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; #info https://jenkins.io/changelog/
[2019-02-13T19:07:43+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; 2.164 looks good so far
[2019-02-13T19:07:58+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; My preference would be to have 2.164 or 2.163 as a baseline
[2019-02-13T19:08:23+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We would need it for Java 11 support in LTS should we want to announce it in the next LTS baseline
[2019-02-13T19:08:34+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; do we have enough Java 11 feedback from 2.163 re JAXB plugin detachment, including with plugin dependencies and such?
[2019-02-13T19:09:10+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We do not have telemetry for it so far, but the detachment action should NOT impact Java 8 users
[2019-02-13T19:09:14+0100] &lt;batmat&gt; depends if you mean &quot;no issue reported&quot; qualifies as feedback
[2019-02-13T19:09:35+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; batmat implemented it in a way that JAXB does not appear as a detached dependency for Java 8 users
[2019-02-13T19:09:55+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Hence users will avoid issues like jdk-tool in Docker last year
[2019-02-13T19:10:06+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; And yes, no issues reported
[2019-02-13T19:10:25+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; sounds good. no concerns about 2.164 then from my side.
[2019-02-13T19:11:01+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; ogondza ?
[2019-02-13T19:11:01+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; oleg-nenashev: does 2.164 something java11 specific except for the flag requirement removed?
[2019-02-13T19:11:24+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; back to default update center
[2019-02-13T19:12:05+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; danielbeck: not sure I am following you
[2019-02-13T19:12:18+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; To clarify, &quot;Jenkins now uses the standard update center by default when running with Java 11.&quot;
[2019-02-13T19:12:29+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; so it&#39;s actually removing Java 11 related special behavior
[2019-02-13T19:12:29+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; ogondza danielbeck  Yes, just some reverts
[2019-02-13T19:12:54+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Reverts are backportable to 2.163.x if we want to take 2.163 as a baseline
[2019-02-13T19:13:07+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; all the changes in 2.164 look reasonable, unless something weird like apache mina regressions pops up
[2019-02-13T19:14:10+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; yeah, when we should go with 2.163 it should better be with component updates (mina, remoting)
[2019-02-13T19:14:19+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; s/with/without/ or course
[2019-02-13T19:14:46+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; remoting looks trivial -- https://github.com/jenkinsci/remoting/pull/316/files 
[2019-02-13T19:15:02+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; indeed
[2019-02-13T19:15:12+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; MINA patch should not impact the default flow if a system property is not set
[2019-02-13T19:15:39+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; right, I misread that as a Mina update, when it&#39;s not
[2019-02-13T19:15:41+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; JENKINS-55050 would be my main concern about 2.164 TBH
[2019-02-13T19:15:41+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; https://github.com/jenkinsci/sshd-module/pull/26/files
[2019-02-13T19:16:02+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; JENKINS-55050 is just a serious change inside the core
[2019-02-13T19:16:16+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; But I believe we would like to get it backported anyway
[2019-02-13T19:16:27+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; oh, good point
[2019-02-13T19:16:29+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; hold on
[2019-02-13T19:16:48+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; I /names
[2019-02-13T19:16:50+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; derps
[2019-02-13T19:17:07+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; I think I saw an issue related to the security fix, unsure what release though
[2019-02-13T19:17:11+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; I&#39;ll see what&#39;s up with the meetingbot, I hadn&#39;t noticed that it went on vacation
[2019-02-13T19:18:00+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; I do not feel strongly against 2.164, the changes indeed looks minor
[2019-02-13T19:18:08+0100] &lt;batmat&gt; \o/
[2019-02-13T19:18:26+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; nvm, https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-56114 is in 2.150.2, so not in the weekly due to 2.164
[2019-02-13T19:19:12+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; so yeah, would recommend we decide on 2.164 with the usual provision that in case we notice it&#39;s garbage in the next two weeks we&#39;ll reconsider
[2019-02-13T19:19:27+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; as always
[2019-02-13T19:19:29+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; fine with me
[2019-02-13T19:19:37+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; +1 for 2.164
[2019-02-13T19:19:49+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; +1 for 2.164
[2019-02-13T19:20:09+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; any further opinions? now&#39;s the time to speak up
[2019-02-13T19:20:25+0100] • rtyler: has no opinions (on this subject) 
[2019-02-13T19:20:52+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; going once
[2019-02-13T19:21:17+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; going twice
[2019-02-13T19:21:38+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #agreed next LTS baseline with be 2.164
[2019-02-13T19:21:44+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; yey
[2019-02-13T19:21:51+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #action ogondza to update calendar with 2.164 based releases
[2019-02-13T19:22:21+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic Java 11 Support Update &amp;&amp; GA support in the new LTS baseline
[2019-02-13T19:22:25+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; oleg-nenashev this is yours
[2019-02-13T19:22:30+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; OK, that&#39;s me
[2019-02-13T19:23:01+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Since we head towards 2.164.1, it means that there will be a silent launch of Java 11 support in 4 weeks
[2019-02-13T19:23:12+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; I want to make sure everybody is fine with that
[2019-02-13T19:23:48+0100] &lt;batmat&gt; fine by me, obviously (disclaimer: I participated in that initiative)
[2019-02-13T19:23:56+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; what does that mean exactly?
[2019-02-13T19:23:57+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We will have a discussion about it at the Platform SIG meeting tomorrow, but the things look good so far
[2019-02-13T19:24:18+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; silent launch = you will not receive a warning if you start Jenkins with Java 11
[2019-02-13T19:24:59+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; why not a loud launch? :)
[2019-02-13T19:25:24+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We have not finished PCT and ATH runs analysis for 2.164
[2019-02-13T19:25:38+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; makes sense, thanks
[2019-02-13T19:25:48+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We might be able to finish it by .1, and then we could have a loud launch if we want
[2019-02-13T19:26:08+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; should we expedite the ATH results so we can celebrate&gt;
[2019-02-13T19:26:11+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; ?
[2019-02-13T19:26:28+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; ogondza: Would be great. There is a patch from Ramon waiting for merge
[2019-02-13T19:26:56+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; It is related to JAXB changes in 2.163. And that&#39;s why we need to update our tooling again
[2019-02-13T19:27:10+0100] &lt;ogondza&gt; we will have a look at that
[2019-02-13T19:27:10+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; No more manual library additions, yey!
[2019-02-13T19:27:25+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; #info https://github.com/jenkinsci/acceptance-test-harness/pull/478
[2019-02-13T19:28:14+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; If we discover major issues with Java 11, we can revert Extras Executable WAR update at any moment
[2019-02-13T19:28:54+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; sounds great
[2019-02-13T19:28:54+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; So, if nobody is against, I would like to proceed with the current state of 2.164.1 target
[2019-02-13T19:29:10+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; And be sure we will contribute a lot to RC testing this time :)
[2019-02-13T19:29:39+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Any questions? Is anybody against?
[2019-02-13T19:29:53+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; I don&#39;t think there&#39;s an #agreed/#action to record here? Just reaffirming 2.164 will be the baseline (including executable-war change), and move on?
[2019-02-13T19:30:18+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; fine with me
[2019-02-13T19:30:36+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; let&#39;s move on then
[2019-02-13T19:30:38+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic Outreachy update &amp; next application period
[2019-02-13T19:30:41+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; tracymiranda this is yours
[2019-02-13T19:30:46+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/yaPrguId_sY/lSs7mHaxAAAJ
[2019-02-13T19:30:50+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; thanks
[2019-02-13T19:31:09+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; yes so current stage of outreachy is going well with our 2 interns
[2019-02-13T19:31:19+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; or &quot;we proceed with Java 11 silent launch in 2.164.1 unless major issues are discovered. Revert or Loud Launch may be considered as options depending on the testing reults&quot;
[2019-02-13T19:31:27+0100] • oleg-nenashev: is bad at typing
[2019-02-13T19:31:34+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; i&#39;ll wait...
[2019-02-13T19:32:53+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; oleg-nenashev I think &quot;let&#39;s keep all options open and start with doing nothing&quot; doesn&#39;t need much agreement ;-)
[2019-02-13T19:33:13+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; :D
[2019-02-13T19:33:18+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; thanks tracymiranda
[2019-02-13T19:33:24+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; and sorry for interruption
[2019-02-13T19:33:24+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; &quot;nothing&quot; meaning backing out executable-war, creating blog post, etc. -- right now we&#39;re on track for silent launch
[2019-02-13T19:33:35+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; tracymiranda please go ahead
[2019-02-13T19:33:41+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; Thanks
[2019-02-13T19:34:11+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; OK so outreachy - all is going well - last month we passed the mid-point feedback point for our interns
[2019-02-13T19:34:23+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; And time has come to consider next round
[2019-02-13T19:34:43+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; Matt Sicker has been doing excellent job as lead mentor and is keen to carry on
[2019-02-13T19:34:55+0100] • rtyler: claps
[2019-02-13T19:35:12+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; But this depends on being able to fund another round
[2019-02-13T19:35:27+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; Also conscious of the overlap with GSoc too... so want to see how best to manage that
[2019-02-13T19:35:36+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; from a budget standpoint we can fund another Outreachy round
[2019-02-13T19:35:51+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; that&#39;s great to hear
[2019-02-13T19:36:06+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; If we can fund only 1 round, next winter might be preferable
[2019-02-13T19:36:07+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; were we to join the CDF, I&#39;m not sure how the transfer of assets or effect on our ability to pay things will work out during such a transition period
[2019-02-13T19:36:33+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; We pay 1 intern and outreachy might pay another? Or would we commit to paying for 2?
[2019-02-13T19:36:38+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; for cdf &amp; gsoc I asked and that was no problem because of googles involvement
[2019-02-13T19:36:49+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; I think we can commit to 1 and see what happens
[2019-02-13T19:37:02+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; So, same as last time
[2019-02-13T19:37:09+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; I might be interested to see if we can do more on a docs like project as might have some mentors to tap into for that...
[2019-02-13T19:37:24+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We got the second student thanks to fundraising by outreachy
[2019-02-13T19:37:47+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; tracymiranda: GSoC has a big pool of projects this year
[2019-02-13T19:37:57+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; It is clear that not all projects will be accepted
[2019-02-13T19:38:10+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We could try having a shared pool this year
[2019-02-13T19:38:42+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; Similar to gsoc, I think I should ask about outreachy and potential move to CDF too and see if any issues with transition...
[2019-02-13T19:38:56+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; shared pool sounds good
[2019-02-13T19:39:11+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; yes, very impressive list of gsoc projects
[2019-02-13T19:40:10+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; #info https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/2019/project-ideas/
[2019-02-13T19:40:15+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; We can add more there
[2019-02-13T19:40:23+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; OK first off here&#39;s what I propose
[2019-02-13T19:40:34+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; I contact Outreachy and ask about the CDF transition
[2019-02-13T19:40:52+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; If no red flags expect we can proceed with next round with 1 slot
[2019-02-13T19:41:03+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; that makes sense to me
[2019-02-13T19:41:16+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; Propose a set of projects that may include some from gsoc pool?
[2019-02-13T19:42:46+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; +1
[2019-02-13T19:43:02+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; if the gsoc peeps are fine with that, I&#39;m fine with that :)
[2019-02-13T19:43:49+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; let me also examine dates for how these two overlap,  homework before next meeting
[2019-02-13T19:43:55+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Well, we can figure it out with tracymiranda at the next meeting to make 100% sure that all org admins are okay
[2019-02-13T19:44:24+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; +1
[2019-02-13T19:44:26+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; then next meeting will also do formal ask for budget assuming no problem with cdf transition
[2019-02-13T19:45:36+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; sounds good
[2019-02-13T19:45:40+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #action tracymiranda to ask outreachy about impact of move to CDF
[2019-02-13T19:45:43+0100] &lt;@rtyler&gt; shall we move on?
[2019-02-13T19:46:03+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; yes,
[2019-02-13T19:46:06+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; tracymiranda who will propose set of projects? You?
[2019-02-13T19:46:39+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; I&#39;ll solicit some from community...
[2019-02-13T19:46:48+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; ok
[2019-02-13T19:47:04+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; and anything further around the next meeting then?
[2019-02-13T19:47:53+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; &quot;GSoC update (Oleg Nenashev )&quot; ?
[2019-02-13T19:48:09+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; But it is quick
[2019-02-13T19:48:25+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; was hoping I could get clarification on AI but we can move on to that
[2019-02-13T19:49:11+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic GSoC update
[2019-02-13T19:49:17+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; oleg-nenashev please proceed
[2019-02-13T19:49:48+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; So, we have applied to GSoC 2019. ETA for the Google&#39;s decision -Feb 26
[2019-02-13T19:50:02+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Meanwhile we still accept project ideas and welcome new mentors
[2019-02-13T19:50:28+0100] • rtyler: claps
[2019-02-13T19:50:45+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Meanwhile we have 27 project ideas and close to 30 mentors
[2019-02-13T19:51:00+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Some are still yet to be published tho
[2019-02-13T19:51:03+0100] &lt;tracymiranda&gt; bravo!
[2019-02-13T19:51:03+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; O_O
[2019-02-13T19:51:06+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; wow
[2019-02-13T19:51:23+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Yeah, it&#39;s gonna be big if we are accepted
[2019-02-13T19:51:46+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; I also did a Role Strategy release on Tuesday, which was fully powered by GSoC contributions
[2019-02-13T19:52:04+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; So we get some nice progress even now
[2019-02-13T19:53:22+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; I will be bringing in some new contributors, stay tuned
[2019-02-13T19:53:38+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #info https://plugins.jenkins.io/role-strategy#RoleStrategyPlugin-Version2.10(Feb11,2019)
[2019-02-13T19:53:39+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; BTW, does anyone want a Jenkins online hackathon site? :)
[2019-02-13T19:54:01+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; oleg-nenashev probably best discussed elsewhere
[2019-02-13T19:54:12+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; oleg-nenashev anything else on GSoC? More bragging? :)
[2019-02-13T19:54:17+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Yes. We discussed it at Advocacy and Outreach SIG meeting
[2019-02-13T19:54:29+0100] &lt;@oleg-nenashev&gt; Nope, no more bragging from me
[2019-02-13T19:54:42+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; plenty of good news though
[2019-02-13T19:54:50+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #topic next meeting
[2019-02-13T19:55:07+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; that would be Feb 27, same time, same place
[2019-02-13T19:55:25+0100] &lt;@danielbeck&gt; #endmeeting</pre>
</div></div>
                    </div>

                    
                 
                </div>             </div> 
            <div id="footer" role="contentinfo">
                <section class="footer-body">
                    <p>Document generated by Confluence on Sep 07, 2021 13:09</p>
                    <div id="footer-logo"><a href="/display/">Wiki home</a></div>
                </section>
            </div>
        </div>     </body>
</html>
